 Name: ___         Unit No:  ___  Admission Date: ___       Discharge Date:  ___  Date of Birth: ___       Sex:  M  Service: MEDICINE  Allergies: No Known Allergies / Adverse Drug Reactions  Attending: ___  Chief Complaint: Lethargy  Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: None

 History of Present Illness: Mr. ___ is a ___ yo M w/hx of PVD, DM, Alzheimer's dementia, CAD, CVA, HTN, paranoia who presents from ___ with lethargy. Per reports he had decreased PO intake and some low back pain. Labs were checked and he was found to have a creatinine of 2.4 at his assisted living. He was brought to ___.  .  In the ED, initial vs were: T99.1 P70 BP130/60 R18 O2 sat 97% RA. He was without complaints. Glucose was checked and was 51.  He was given 1amp D50 and reportedly his lethargy improved.  Labs were sent an troponin was 0.32. ECG was not concerning for ischemia. Cardiology was called and recommended no heparin at this time. He was given 600mg Aspirin PR and 2.5mg IV Lopressor. Repeat glucose was 123. Creatinine was noted to be 2.7. Guaiac was positive. HCT was 24.4. .  On the floor, he has no complaints. He denies chest pain and does not recall having chest pain in the last several weeks. He reports his last bowel movement was 3 days ago. .  Review of systems:  (+) constipation (-) Denies fever, chills, night sweats, recent weight loss or gain. Denies headache, sinus tenderness, rhinorrhea or congestion. Denied cough, shortness of breath. Denied chest pain or tightness, palpitations. Denied nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or abdominal pain. No recent change in bladder habits. No dysuria. Denied arthralgias or myalgias.  Past Medical History: PVD s/p multiple toe amputations Encephalopathy (EtOH) Alzheimer's dementia (Alzheimers) with occasional paranoia and visual hallucinations DM2 with history of DKA CAD s/p NSTEMI HTN

 Social History: ___ Family History: Non-contributory  Physical Exam: Vitals: T: 96.1 BP: 100/70 P: 63 R: 18 O2: 100% RA General: Well appearing ___ man, Alert, oriented x 1 HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear  Neck: supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD  Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, ronchi  CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 + S2, no murmurs, rubs, gallops  Abdomen: soft, non-tender, mildly distended, bowel sounds present, no rebound tenderness or guarding, no organomegaly  Ext: R metatarsal amputation which is clean and dry, L ___ toe ampuatated and appears clean. 2cm pressure ulcer on R heel which is clean. .

 Pertinent Results: ___ CXR: Small opacity in the left posterior basal segment of the left lower lobe, could represent an acute infection. . ___ ECHO: The left atrium is elongated. No atrial septal defect is seen by 2D or color Doppler. There is mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy with normal cavity size and regional/global systolic function (LVEF>55%). There is no ventricular septal defect. Right ventricular chamber size and free wall motion are normal. The diameters of aorta at the sinus, ascending and arch levels are normal. The aortic valve leaflets (3) are mildly thickened but aortic stenosis is not present. No aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no mitral valve prolapse. Mild (1+) mitral regurgitation is seen. The tricuspid valve leaflets are mildly thickened. The estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure is normal. There is no pericardial effusion.   . ___ CT head: 1. No acute intracranial process; if concern for acute infarct, MR is more sensitive. 2. Old left frontal and left basal ganglia hypodensities likely due to old infarcts. . ___ MRI brain: MRI BRAIN, WITHOUT IV CONTRAST: There is no evidence of acute hemorrhage or acute infarction. Prominence of the sulci and ventricles is consistent with moderate atrophy. Old lacunar infarcts are seen in the left putamen and corona radiata, unchanged. Foci of periventricular and subcortical white matter hyperintense signal are consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. Area of susceptibility artifact in the left cingulate gyrus is consistent with old blood products (4:17). There is no shift of normally midline structures. No abnormal signal is seen in the visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells. Incidental note is made of a disc protrusion at C3-4 level (3:15).   IMPRESSIONS: 1. No evidence of acute infarction. 2. Evidence of global atrophy, old lacunar infarct, old blood products, and small vessel ischemic disease, as described above. 

.

 Brief Hospital Course: LETHARGY: Patient's lethargy on presentation to the hospital was likely multifactorial. He was hypoglycemic with glucose < 60. He appeared dehydrated on exam with elevated creatinine to 2.7 (baseline 1.7). He had an elevated troponin suggesting recent NSTEMI. He complained of significant constipation. His acamprosate was decreased to 333 mg po tid and then ultimately discontinued. His clonidine was decreased. He was given an amp of D50, 2 L IV fluids, and an aggressive bowel regimen. With resolution of his hypoglycemia, uremia, constipation and dehydration his mental status improved.  . UNRESPONSIVENESS: Patient had decreased attentiveness on the morning of ___. He was also found to have a right sided facial droop. The chronicity of the facial droop was uncertain. Family friend, ___, was visiting that morning and stated that the facial droop was new. CT head was performed emergently showing no evidence of bleeding. Later that afternoon patient was found to be sleeping but did not wake to verbal or painful stimuli. He received no sedating medications. Vital signs were within normal limits, EKG was unchanged, ABG was normal, glucose was 209. Patient remained hemodynamically stable though he did not respond to painful stimuli. He started to wake up a few hours later and the following day was reportedly (per family friend) at his baseline mental status.  Given the abrupt change in mental status and concern for new facial droop an MRI was performed prior to discharge. The final report of the MRI was pending at the time of discharge but preliminary report was negative for acute stroke. Etiology for patient's unresponsive episode remains unclear. This likely represents hypoactive delirium in the setting of poor sleep for multiple days. . ACUTE ON CHRONIC RENAL FAILURE: Patient's creatinine was elevated to 2.7 (up from baseline of 1.7) on presentation. With holding his HCTZ and giving IV fluids his renal function improved to his baseline. Recommend monitoring his renal function within a few days of discharge. . NSTEMI: Patient was found to have an elevated troponin on presentation (peaked on admission at 0.32). The absence of acute EKG changes, the absence of elevated CKs, and the down trending troponin made an acute MI unlikely. This likely represented a recent NSTEMI. He was continued on his home high dose statin, plavix, beta blocker. His aspirin was increased to 325 mg daily. Patient was monitored on telemetry throughout hospitalization without events. He had an echocardiogram performed on day of discharge showing left ventricular hypertrophy, no significant wall motion abnormalities, and EF of > 55%. Recommend continuing medical management including improving glucose and blood pressure control. . DM2: On presentation patient was hypoglycemic and home insulin regimen was held. Patient's acute renal failure likely contributed to decreased insulin clearance and subsequent hypoglycemia. On day three of admission patient was restarted on low dose glargine 15 units qam and sliding scale humalog.  Patient's glucose became poorly controlled (glucose > 350) the following day and his glargine was increased to 25 units.  Recommend patient increase insulin to 30 units of glargine daily and continue diabetic diet and sliding scale humalog with meals.  If glucose allows and renal function remains stable will likely be able to restart prior dose of glargine 34 units daily. . HTN: Blood pressure well controlled on presentation. Due to renal failure hydrochlorothiazide was discontinued. His clonidine dose was also reduced due to patient's lethargy to 0.1 mg tid. After receiving IV fluids and becoming more responsive his blood pressure became elevated. His clonidine dose was returned to his home dose of 0.3 mg po tid prior to discharge. Patient was continued on metroprolol 200 mg po bid and amlodipine 10 mg daily. Recommend ensuring patient has adequate po intake and stable renal function prior to restarting hydrochlorothiazide. . HEAL ULCER: Patient was found to have a pressure ulcer on his left heal. Wound care team was consulted who recommended: -cleanse skin/ulcer with wound cleanser and pat dry -apply aloe vesta moisturizer to intact dry skin -cover wound with a piece of MOISTENED aquacel/ag sheet(discontinue after 2 weeks ) -followed by dry gauze -wrap with Kerlix -change dressing daily

GOALS OF CARE: Patient's dementia and altered mental status prevented him from contributing to goals of care discussions during this hospitalization. Patient's health care proxy is apparently his only living relative his neice ___.  Unfortunately, she was on a cruise for the holidays and she was not able to be reached during this hospitalization. Patient's friend, ___, was at his bedside daily during his admission.  She stated that she had talked to the patient and the health care proxy and she felt strongly that Mr. ___ would not want aggressive treatments or invasive procedures if his health were to further decline. She believed that he would favor comfort measures over resuscitation. Because she is not the health care proxy and the patient does not have capacity to make these decisions the patient remained FULL CODE during his admission. We strongly recommend that his goals of care and code status be addressed with his health care proxy when she is able to be reached.  Medications on Admission: Aspirin 81mg PO daily Enulose 10gm PO daily Iron 325mg PO daily Folic Acid 1mg PO daily Plavix 75mg PO daily Vitamin B1 100mg PO daily Zyprexa 5mg PO qHS Prilosec 20mg PO daily Simvastatin 80mg PO daily Colace 100mg PO daily Calcium with Vit D 500/200 PO BID Timolol 0.5% opth solution 1 drop each eye BID Campral 666mg PO TID Pilocarpine 4% 1 drop each eye q6H Amlodipine 10mg PO qHS Senna 8.6mg 2 tabs HS Travatan/Benzal 0.004% 1 drop each eye qHS Clonidione 0.3mg PO TID Metoprolol 200mg PO BID Lantus 34unts SC daily Humalog SS HCTZ 12.5mg PO daily Depakote 125mg sprinkles PO daily at 5pm

 Discharge Medications: 1. aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  2. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO at bedtime.  3. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).  4. ferrous sulfate 300 mg (60 mg Iron) Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  5. folic acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 

6. clopidogrel 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  7. amlodipine 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 

8. clonidine 0.1 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day).  9. B complex vitamins   Capsule Sig: One (1) Cap PO DAILY (Daily).  10. metoprolol tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).  11. simvastatin 40 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  12. calcium carbonate 200 mg (500 mg) Tablet, Chewable Sig: Two (2) Tablet, Chewable PO BID (2 times a day).  13. cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) 400 unit Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  14. pilocarpine HCl 4 % Drops Sig: One (1) Drop Ophthalmic Q6H (every 6 hours).  15. timolol maleate 0.5 % Drops Sig: One (1) Drop Ophthalmic BID (2 times a day).  16. latanoprost 0.005 % Drops Sig: One (1) Drop Ophthalmic HS (at bedtime).  17. omeprazole 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) Sig: One (1) Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.) PO DAILY (Daily).  18. olanzapine 2.5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO HS (at bedtime).  19. divalproex ___ mg Capsule, Sprinkle Sig: One (1) Capsule, Sprinkle PO QPM (once a day (in the evening)).  20. Enulose 10 gram/15 mL Solution Sig: ___ PO three times a day as needed for constipation.  21. Insulin Please restart glargine at 30 units qam and titrate back up to prior dose of 34 units qam if glucose allows and renal function remains stable.

Please continue prior Humalog sliding scale with meals and at bedtime.  22. Outpatient Lab Work Please monitor sodium, potassium, chloride, bicarb, BUN, creatinine, magnesium, calcium, phosphate prior to ___.  Results should be reviewed by ___ care provider.

 Discharge Disposition: Extended Care  Facility: ___  Discharge Diagnosis: NSTEMI Acute renal failure secondary to dehydration Hypoglycemia Hyperglycemia Lethargy/hypoactive delirium Constipation Left heal pressure ulcer

 Discharge Condition: Patient is alert, oriented to himself, his birthday, and 'hospital', he admits to chronic intermittent visual hallucinations, denies thoughts of suicide or homicide. He has slight right sided facial droop. He is able to move his extremities with nearly symmetric strength in his upper extremities (right slightly weaker than left upper extremity). He tolerates oral diet and medications.

 Discharge Instructions: You were brought to the hospital after being found to be lethargic. You were found to be very dehydrated with evidence of increased kidney damage, severe constipation, low blood sugars, and likely a recent heart attack. A few of your sedating medications were reduced. You were given IV fluids and your symptoms improved. Your kidney function returned to your baseline. You were gradually restarted on your insulin as your kidney function and appetite improved. Your heart disease was managed with medications. 

On the afternoon of ___ you were found to be unresponsive. You were immediately evaluated and all of your blood work, glucose, and vital signs were within normal limits.  You awoke up a few hours later and returned to your baseline mental status. You underwent CT of your head and MRI of your brain which did not reveal the cause of your unresponsive episode. This episode was likely due to delirium and several days of poor sleep and agitation during this admission.

The following changes were made to your home medications. 1) Increase aspirin from 81 mg to 325 mg daily given the suspicion of a recent heart attack. 2) STOP Acamprosate the medication for your alcohol dependence as this can be sedating. 3) HOLD hydrochlorothiazide pending stable kidney function.  4) Increase docusate to 100 mg by mouth bid to help prevent constipation. 5) Increase Enulose to ___ mg by mouth up to three times a day to prevent and treat constipation. 6) Decrease clonidine to 0.1 mg po tid as this may have been contributing to your lethargy. 

 Followup Instructions: ___ 